docs(gh): closedPullRequests (#2178)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github/advanced.md

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="closedPullRequests" label="Fetch closed pull requests">

> Use `closedPullRequests` parameter to enable the fetching of closed pull requests on re-sync.
> 
> - Default value: `false` (do not fetch pull requests)
> - Use case: Useful for analyzing closed pull request history, such as DORA metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `closedPullRequests` parameter to enable the fetching of closed pull requests on re-sync.

- Default value: `false` (do not fetch closed pull requests).
- Use case: Useful for analyzing closed pull request history, such as DORA metrics.
```

> :::note
> Port fetches the last 100 updated closed pull requests or those from the past 60 days, whichever comes first.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
Port will fetch the last 100 updated closed pull requests or those from the past 60 days, whichever comes first.

```
